feat!: update `dfx cycles` commands with maninet `cycles-ledger` canister ID (#3481)
dfinity/sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# UNRELEASED

> ### chore: update `dfx cycles` commands with maninet `cycles-ledger` canister ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### chore: update `dfx cycles` commands with mainnet `cycles-ledger` canister ID
```

> ### chore: update `dfx cycles` commands with mainnet `cycles-ledger` canister ID
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### feat!: update `dfx cycles` commands with mainnet `cycles-ledger` canister ID

The `dfx cycles` command no longer needs nor accepts the `--cycles-ledger-canister-id <canister id>` parameter.
```
